UI: Custom login settings views (#30592)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/30592.txt

```release-note:feature

> **Custom login settings**: Adding new components to be able to view and delete custom login rules

Reviewer: I've gone back and forth on this - this work is part of the larger custom login work so I'm not sure it needs a separate changelog (it can be rolled into the general feature changelog [here](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/pull/30700/files)). But if you disagree, then perhaps we can reword it to cater more to the end user
```suggestion
**Custom login settings**: Adding view to list and delete custom login rules
```

```

```release-note:change
ui/navbar: 'Custom messages' renamed to 'System Messages'

> ```

Reviewer: great callout! 🤩
